The term, big data, has started being used from not too long ago. It has started being spotlighted after social network services (SNS) and mobile phones became popular to people. Big data is not only a set of large amount of data, but also a technology that we can use to find value from the big data set and analyze it. Big Data consists of three main pillars: volume, variety and velocity. These are called three Vs of big data.First of all, the TDWIs report states that data volume is the primary attribute of Big Data. This can be quantified by size of the volume, such as terabytes (=1,000GB), counting records, transactions, tables, or files [1]. In addition, what makes Big Data really big is the fact that data is coming from many varieties of sources that are different in format and medium. There are mainly two types of data varieties: structured and unstructured. The report describes that structured data is the data that is formatted well that data analysts barely need to do anything to organize it. For example, membership information in a gym is structured data as inputs are formatted already when entering a new entry. Unstructured data is data that is hard or nearly impossible to convert into structured data. For example, human language, social media outpourings and video clips are all unstructured data as they are hard to organize them all in the same format. According to the description by Oracle, Big data does not just mean a lot of information. It also refers to so-called unstructured data-sensor data, social media outpourings, video and images-that do not fit neatly into the rows and columns of most databases. Lastly, velocity is the last important factor to define big data. Velocity in big data is speed of data being generated and delivered, which affects the volume of the data tremendously. Volume, Variety and Velocity are interrelated in terms of fueling each other to form Big Data. And combining these three Vs, Big Data becomes real big and can be used to find a value that we couldnt find before 